Test Checklist: Adding more consistency (#947)
Automattic/simplenote-macos: TESTING-CHECKLIST.md

- [ ] Markdown setting syncs to/from other device
- [ ] Preview mode disappears/reappears when receiving remote changes to markdown setting
- [ ] Note pinning syncs immediately to/from other device

> - [ ] Note pinning works regardless if selecting in list view or from note info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Note pinning works regardless if done from list view or note info
```

- [ ] Can toggle sidebar
- [ ] Can change analytics sharing setting
- [ ] Changing `Note Display` mode immediately updates and reflects in note list
- [ ] Changing `Note Sorting` immediately updates and reflects in note list for each sort type
- [ ] Changing `Tag Sorting` immediately updates and reflects in tag list
- [ ] For each sort type the pinned notes appear first in the note list
- [ ] Changing `Theme` immediately updates app for desired color scheme

> - [ ] With wide editor screen, toggling `View` > `Line Length` between `Narrow` and `Full` removes and adds border around note content appropriately and immediately.

Reviewer: Nipick _None of the other items end with a `.` 😅 🔍 

```suggestion
- [ ] With wide editor screen, toggling `View` > `Line Length` between `Narrow` and `Full` removes and adds border around note content appropriately and immediately
```
